---
title:  "Web Development, Git/Github and Me"
---

# How am I Feeling?

*NERVOUS*, to say the least. Although I like coding, learning something completely different than what I'm use to is a little nerve-wracking. 

At the end of the coding bootcamp, I see myself being able to create usable websites; possibly creating one for my dad, who wants to start his own business. Along with job hunting I want to keep building upon what I've learned so far. 

6 months from now, phew?! I can't imagine where I'll be in 6 months...hopefully with a brand new job. I'm not sure on whether I want to start at a small company or a large one. 

1 year from now I'd like to think that I'd be a master coder by then (even though that's impossible lol). 

# GETTING GIT

Git can be used to track progress of your code. You can make branches off your main page, merge channels, and even delete them while still saving your progress.  

Github let's you keep track of your progress online. It allows you to be able to work with other people, who can also look at your code and make changes. If changes are made you can see who made the changes and see what they did.

**Why Use Git**
Git is a good way to store the progress of your code without needing the internet. You can be in the middle of nowhere and still be able to use Git.

**Why Use Github**
Github is a great way to share your code with others who can then review and/or edit your code. 

**Payoff**
Code stored on Git/Github can be stored there forever. It can be a good resource of information if you ever encounter a problem you've had before and solved it on Git/Github. 
